c:\Users\andre\Documents\Coding_stuff\Blazor Portfolio Website\AndrewPortfolio\bin\Debug\net9.0\appsettings.Development.json
c:\Users\andre\Documents\Coding_stuff\Blazor Portfolio Website\AndrewPortfolio\bin\Debug\net9.0\appsettings.json
c:\Users\andre\Documents\Coding_stuff\Blazor Portfolio Website\AndrewPortfolio\bin\Debug\net9.0\AndrewPortfolio.staticwebassets.runtime.json
c:\Users\andre\Documents\Coding_stuff\Blazor Portfolio Website\AndrewPortfolio\bin\Debug\net9.0\AndrewPortfolio.staticwebassets.endpoints.json
c:\Users\andre\Documents\Coding_stuff\Blazor Portfolio Website\AndrewPortfolio\bin\Debug\net9.0\AndrewPortfolio.exe
c:\Users\andre\Documents\Coding_stuff\Blazor Portfolio Website\AndrewPortfolio\bin\Debug\net9.0\AndrewPortfolio.deps.json
c:\Users\andre\Documents\Coding_stuff\Blazor Portfolio Website\AndrewPortfolio\bin\Debug\net9.0\AndrewPortfolio.runtimeconfig.json
c:\Users\andre\Documents\Coding_stuff\Blazor Portfolio Website\AndrewPortfolio\bin\Debug\net9.0\AndrewPortfolio.dll
c:\Users\andre\Documents\Coding_stuff\Blazor Portfolio Website\AndrewPortfolio\bin\Debug\net9.0\AndrewPortfolio.pdb
c:\Users\andre\Documents\Coding_stuff\Blazor Portfolio Website\AndrewPortfolio\obj\Debug\net9.0\AndrewPortfolio.GeneratedMSBuildEditorConfig.editorconfig
c:\Users\andre\Documents\Coding_stuff\Blazor Portfolio Website\AndrewPortfolio\obj\Debug\net9.0\AndrewPortfolio.AssemblyInfoInputs.cache
c:\Users\andre\Documents\Coding_stuff\Blazor Portfolio Website\AndrewPortfolio\obj\Debug\net9.0\AndrewPortfolio.AssemblyInfo.cs
c:\Users\andre\Documents\Coding_stuff\Blazor Portfolio Website\AndrewPortfolio\obj\Debug\net9.0\AndrewPortfolio.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
c:\Users\andre\Documents\Coding_stuff\Blazor Portfolio Website\AndrewPortfolio\obj\Debug\net9.0\AndrewPortfolio.MvcApplicationPartsAssemblyInfo.cache
c:\Users\andre\Documents\Coding_stuff\Blazor Portfolio Website\AndrewPortfolio\obj\Debug\net9.0\AndrewPortfolio.sourcelink.json
c:\Users\andre\Documents\Coding_stuff\Blazor Portfolio Website\AndrewPortfolio\obj\Debug\net9.0\scopedcss\Components\Layout\MainLayout.razor.rz.scp.css
c:\Users\andre\Documents\Coding_stuff\Blazor Portfolio Website\AndrewPortfolio\obj\Debug\net9.0\scopedcss\Components\Layout\NavMenu.razor.rz.scp.css
c:\Users\andre\Documents\Coding_stuff\Blazor Portfolio Website\AndrewPortfolio\obj\Debug\net9.0\scopedcss\bundle\AndrewPortfolio.styles.css
c:\Users\andre\Documents\Coding_stuff\Blazor Portfolio Website\AndrewPortfolio\obj\Debug\net9.0\scopedcss\projectbundle\AndrewPortfolio.bundle.scp.css
c:\Users\andre\Documents\Coding_stuff\Blazor Portfolio Website\AndrewPortfolio\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\ihcan7da1j-khy4lop6wu.gz
c:\Users\andre\Documents\Coding_stuff\Blazor Portfolio Website\AndrewPortfolio\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\ja6jchjb71-bqjiyaj88i.gz
c:\Users\andre\Documents\Coding_stuff\Blazor Portfolio Website\AndrewPortfolio\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\po0djss62l-c2jlpeoesf.gz
c:\Users\andre\Documents\Coding_stuff\Blazor Portfolio Website\AndrewPortfolio\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\fcgp5suqlo-erw9l3u2r3.gz
c:\Users\andre\Documents\Coding_stuff\Blazor Portfolio Website\AndrewPortfolio\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\fes0qcfxwt-aexeepp0ev.gz
c:\Users\andre\Documents\Coding_stuff\Blazor Portfolio Website\AndrewPortfolio\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\jgqi7m80hm-d7shbmvgxk.gz
c:\Users\andre\Documents\Coding_stuff\Blazor Portfolio Website\AndrewPortfolio\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\qi8yl7azun-ausgxo2sd3.gz
c:\Users\andre\Documents\Coding_stuff\Blazor Portfolio Website\AndrewPortfolio\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\ciwydtksrt-k8d9w2qqmf.gz
c:\Users\andre\Documents\Coding_stuff\Blazor Portfolio Website\AndrewPortfolio\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\s0jd5h0jjl-cosvhxvwiu.gz
c:\Users\andre\Documents\Coding_stuff\Blazor Portfolio Website\AndrewPortfolio\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\p5foj1jj7x-ub07r2b239.gz
c:\Users\andre\Documents\Coding_stuff\Blazor Portfolio Website\AndrewPortfolio\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\u819ycb3s6-fvhpjtyr6v.gz
c:\Users\andre\Documents\Coding_stuff\Blazor Portfolio Website\AndrewPortfolio\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\32rtk24d0w-b7pk76d08c.gz
c:\Users\andre\Documents\Coding_stuff\Blazor Portfolio Website\AndrewPortfolio\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\jolkzmgat1-fsbi9cje9m.gz
c:\Users\andre\Documents\Coding_stuff\Blazor Portfolio Website\AndrewPortfolio\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\cpwu7j8p3r-rzd6atqjts.gz
c:\Users\andre\Documents\Coding_stuff\Blazor Portfolio Website\AndrewPortfolio\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\6bgp7rdcxu-ee0r1s7dh0.gz
c:\Users\andre\Documents\Coding_stuff\Blazor Portfolio Website\AndrewPortfolio\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\x1p3p0doct-dxx9fxp4il.gz
c:\Users\andre\Documents\Coding_stuff\Blazor Portfolio Website\AndrewPortfolio\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\fbogo89viy-jd9uben2k1.gz
c:\Users\andre\Documents\Coding_stuff\Blazor Portfolio Website\AndrewPortfolio\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\zzzuw1gtva-khv3u5hwcm.gz
c:\Users\andre\Documents\Coding_stuff\Blazor Portfolio Website\AndrewPortfolio\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\6o2s4erc33-r4e9w2rdcm.gz
c:\Users\andre\Documents\Coding_stuff\Blazor Portfolio Website\AndrewPortfolio\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\o6l71y8mqf-lcd1t2u6c8.gz
c:\Users\andre\Documents\Coding_stuff\Blazor Portfolio Website\AndrewPortfolio\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\ahhvx5qqqe-c2oey78nd0.gz
c:\Users\andre\Documents\Coding_stuff\Blazor Portfolio Website\AndrewPortfolio\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\05vq87aot7-tdbxkamptv.gz
c:\Users\andre\Documents\Coding_stuff\Blazor Portfolio Website\AndrewPortfolio\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\5bkkh594v3-j5mq2jizvt.gz
c:\Users\andre\Documents\Coding_stuff\Blazor Portfolio Website\AndrewPortfolio\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\jxopvfa9tg-06098lyss8.gz
c:\Users\andre\Documents\Coding_stuff\Blazor Portfolio Website\AndrewPortfolio\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\0txswlkvau-nvvlpmu67g.gz
c:\Users\andre\Documents\Coding_stuff\Blazor Portfolio Website\AndrewPortfolio\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\afyw0ift1l-s35ty4nyc5.gz
c:\Users\andre\Documents\Coding_stuff\Blazor Portfolio Website\AndrewPortfolio\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\i4occk9144-pj5nd1wqec.gz
c:\Users\andre\Documents\Coding_stuff\Blazor Portfolio Website\AndrewPortfolio\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\xhp495rjjo-46ein0sx1k.gz
c:\Users\andre\Documents\Coding_stuff\Blazor Portfolio Website\AndrewPortfolio\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\jpdhyojqqf-v0zj4ognzu.gz
c:\Users\andre\Documents\Coding_stuff\Blazor Portfolio Website\AndrewPortfolio\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\4tjwwbdp24-37tfw0ft22.gz
c:\Users\andre\Documents\Coding_stuff\Blazor Portfolio Website\AndrewPortfolio\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\7nd4efajdc-hrwsygsryq.gz
c:\Users\andre\Documents\Coding_stuff\Blazor Portfolio Website\AndrewPortfolio\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\1hzx8sy410-pk9g2wxc8p.gz
c:\Users\andre\Documents\Coding_stuff\Blazor Portfolio Website\AndrewPortfolio\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\suq0b12aw0-ft3s53vfgj.gz
c:\Users\andre\Documents\Coding_stuff\Blazor Portfolio Website\AndrewPortfolio\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\otdyanum65-6cfz1n2cew.gz
c:\Users\andre\Documents\Coding_stuff\Blazor Portfolio Website\AndrewPortfolio\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\i5e0gy5d40-6pdc2jztkx.gz
c:\Users\andre\Documents\Coding_stuff\Blazor Portfolio Website\AndrewPortfolio\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\6ak7887ai3-493y06b0oq.gz
c:\Users\andre\Documents\Coding_stuff\Blazor Portfolio Website\AndrewPortfolio\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\nxq197lgge-iovd86k7lj.gz
c:\Users\andre\Documents\Coding_stuff\Blazor Portfolio Website\AndrewPortfolio\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\e7xel2zhq7-vr1egmr9el.gz
c:\Users\andre\Documents\Coding_stuff\Blazor Portfolio Website\AndrewPortfolio\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\9zmokgoh2d-kbrnm935zg.gz
c:\Users\andre\Documents\Coding_stuff\Blazor Portfolio Website\AndrewPortfolio\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\4tula3xp5q-jj8uyg4cgr.gz
c:\Users\andre\Documents\Coding_stuff\Blazor Portfolio Website\AndrewPortfolio\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\kjocw5nfjj-y7v9cxd14o.gz
c:\Users\andre\Documents\Coding_stuff\Blazor Portfolio Website\AndrewPortfolio\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\lw2fhflroy-notf2xhcfb.gz
c:\Users\andre\Documents\Coding_stuff\Blazor Portfolio Website\AndrewPortfolio\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\1ds3uemw5l-h1s4sie4z3.gz
c:\Users\andre\Documents\Coding_stuff\Blazor Portfolio Website\AndrewPortfolio\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\iq9d9y56lq-63fj8s7r0e.gz
c:\Users\andre\Documents\Coding_stuff\Blazor Portfolio Website\AndrewPortfolio\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\bic2l0aqet-0j3bgjxly4.gz
c:\Users\andre\Documents\Coding_stuff\Blazor Portfolio Website\AndrewPortfolio\obj\Debug\net9.0\staticwebassets.build.json
c:\Users\andre\Documents\Coding_stuff\Blazor Portfolio Website\AndrewPortfolio\obj\Debug\net9.0\staticwebassets.development.json
c:\Users\andre\Documents\Coding_stuff\Blazor Portfolio Website\AndrewPortfolio\obj\Debug\net9.0\staticwebassets.build.endpoints.json
c:\Users\andre\Documents\Coding_stuff\Blazor Portfolio Website\AndrewPortfolio\obj\Debug\net9.0\staticwebassets\msbuild.AndrewPortfolio.Microsoft.AspNetCore.StaticWebAssets.props
c:\Users\andre\Documents\Coding_stuff\Blazor Portfolio Website\AndrewPortfolio\obj\Debug\net9.0\staticwebassets\msbuild.AndrewPortfolio.Microsoft.AspNetCore.StaticWebAssetEndpoints.props
c:\Users\andre\Documents\Coding_stuff\Blazor Portfolio Website\AndrewPortfolio\obj\Debug\net9.0\staticwebassets\msbuild.build.AndrewPortfolio.props
c:\Users\andre\Documents\Coding_stuff\Blazor Portfolio Website\AndrewPortfolio\obj\Debug\net9.0\staticwebassets\msbuild.buildMultiTargeting.AndrewPortfolio.props
c:\Users\andre\Documents\Coding_stuff\Blazor Portfolio Website\AndrewPortfolio\obj\Debug\net9.0\staticwebassets\msbuild.buildTransitive.AndrewPortfolio.props
c:\Users\andre\Documents\Coding_stuff\Blazor Portfolio Website\AndrewPortfolio\obj\Debug\net9.0\staticwebassets.pack.json
c:\Users\andre\Documents\Coding_stuff\Blazor Portfolio Website\AndrewPortfolio\obj\Debug\net9.0\AndrewPortfolio.dll
c:\Users\andre\Documents\Coding_stuff\Blazor Portfolio Website\AndrewPortfolio\obj\Debug\net9.0\refint\AndrewPortfolio.dll
c:\Users\andre\Documents\Coding_stuff\Blazor Portfolio Website\AndrewPortfolio\obj\Debug\net9.0\AndrewPortfolio.pdb
c:\Users\andre\Documents\Coding_stuff\Blazor Portfolio Website\AndrewPortfolio\obj\Debug\net9.0\AndrewPortfolio.genruntimeconfig.cache
c:\Users\andre\Documents\Coding_stuff\Blazor Portfolio Website\AndrewPortfolio\obj\Debug\net9.0\ref\AndrewPortfolio.dll
C:\Users\andre\Documents\Coding_stuff\Blazor Portfolio Website\AndrewPortfolio\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\eoytlcpyar-lc9dgme3pu.gz
C:\Users\andre\Documents\Coding_stuff\Blazor Portfolio Website\AndrewPortfolio\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\v5rg10y8se-lc9dgme3pu.gz
